updates for 2025 (#68)
irods/irods_training: beginner/irods_beginner_training_2025.tex

The iRODS Consortium is operated at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC) by RENCI (Renaissance Computing Institute), a research institute of UNC. Consortium governance is provided through an Executive Board and Planning Committee. A Technology Working Group, composed of Consortium staff and satellite teams, contributes decision-making and development time to the project.

> Current Consortium members include RENCI, Bayer, The National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS), Wellcome Sanger Institute, Utrecht University, University of Groningen, SURF, Texas Advanced Computing Center (TACC), Maastricht University, KU Leuven, CUBI at Berlin Institute of Health, Bibliothèque et Archives nationales du Québec (BAnQ), CINES, Omnibond, The Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), University of Arizona, IT4Innovations National Supercomputing Center, Globus, GRAU DATA, and three organizations that wish to remain anonymous. Membership is open to anyone interested in sustaining iRODS' success and participating in the iRODS community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current Consortium members include RENCI, Bayer, The National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS), Wellcome Sanger Institute, Utrecht University, University of Groningen, SURF, Texas Advanced Computing Center (TACC), Maastricht University, KU Leuven, CUBI at Berlin Institute of Health, Bibliothèque et Archives nationales du Québec (BAnQ), CINES, Omnibond, The Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), University of Arizona, IT4Innovations National Supercomputing Center, Globus, Wageningen University and Research (WUR), The Netherlands Cancer Institute (NKI), and three organizations that wish to remain anonymous. Membership is open to anyone interested in sustaining iRODS' success and participating in the iRODS community.
```

> GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE "ICAT" to irods;
\end{lstlisting}

> If using PostgreSQL 15.0+, issue the following query:

Reviewer: and i also see a leading space before the 'CREATE USER' line... please remove it.
